add --target flag examples (#8367)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_connection-profiles.md

> If you do have multiple targets in your profile, and want to use a target other than the default, you can do this using the `--target` option when issuing a dbt command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do have multiple targets in your profile, and want to use a target other than the default, you can do this using the `--target` flag when running a dbt command.
```
